RHDEVDOCS-5795: Update table capitalization (#72115)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-argo-cd-properties.adoc

  * `<logLevel>` - The log level used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.
  * `<logFormat>` - The log format used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `text` or `json`.
  * `<parallelismLimit>` - The kubectl parallelism limit to set for the controller (`--kubectl-parallelism-limit` flag).

|`configManagementPlugins`    |Add a configuration management plugin.| `__<empty>__` |

|`controller`    |Argo CD Application Controller options.| `__<object>__`
a|* `<processors.operation>` - The number of operation processors.
  * `<processors.status>` - The number of status processors.
  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<logLevel>` - The log level used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.
  * `<appSync>` - AppSync is used to control the sync frequency of Argo CD applications.
  * `<sharding.enabled>` - Enable sharding on the Argo CD Application Controller component. This property is used to manage a large number of clusters to relieve memory pressure on the controller component.

>   * `<sharding.replicas>` - The number of replicas that are used to support sharding of the Argo CD Application Controller.

Reviewer: why was the rest of sharding taken out here?

The Argo CD Custom Resource consists of the following properties:

|===
|**Name** |**Description** |**Default** | **Properties**
|`applicationInstanceLabelKey` |The `metadata.label` key name where Argo CD injects the app name as a tracking label.|`app.kubernetes.io/instance` |

|`applicationSet`
|`applicationSet` controller configuration options.
| `_<object>_`

> a|* _<image>_ - The container image for the `applicationSet` controller. This overrides the `ARGOCD_APPLICATIONSET_IMAGE` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: Now that I think about it, is there a reason that the values in these lists, such as <image>, don't have backticks, but the values in the Default column (such as `_<object>_` in the preceding line) do?

  * _<grpc>_ - gRPC configuration options.
  * _<host>_ - The hostname used for Ingress or Route resources.
  * _<ingress>_ - Ingress configuration for the Argo CD server component.
  * _<insecure>_ - Toggles the insecure flag for Argo CD server.
  * _<resources>_ - The container compute resources.
  * _<replicas>_ - The number of replicas for the Argo CD server. Must be greater than or equal to `0`. If `autoscale` is enabled, `replicas` is ignored.
  * _<route>_ - Route configuration options.
  * _<service.Type>_ - The `serviceType` used for the service resource.
  * _<logLevel>_ - The log level to be used by the Argo CD Server component. Valid options are  `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.
  * _<logFormat>_ - The log format used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `text` or `json`.
  * _<env>_ - Environment to set for the server workloads.

|`sso` |Single Sign-on options.|`__<object>__`
proa|* _<image>_ - The container image for Keycloak. This overrides the `ARGOCD_KEYCLOAK_IMAGE` environment variable.
  * _<keycloak>_ - Configuration options for Keycloak SSO provider.
  * _<dex>_ - Configuration options for Dex SSO provider.

>   * _<provider>_ - The name of the provider used to configure Single Sign-on. For now the supported options are Dex and Keycloak.

Reviewer 2: Small wording suggestion:
```suggestion
  * _<provider>_ - The name of the provider used to configure Single Sign-on. Currently, the supported options are Dex and Keycloak.
```

  * _<resources>_ - The container compute resources.
  * _<verifyTLS>_ - Defines whether to enforce strict TLS checking when communicating with Keycloak service.
  * _<version>_ - The tag to use with the Keycloak container image.
|`statusBadgeEnabled` |Enable application status badge.|`true` |

|`tls` |TLS configuration options.|`__<object>__`
a|* _<ca.configMapName>_ - The name of the `ConfigMap` which contains the CA certificate.
  * _<ca.secretName>_ - The name of the secret which contains the CA Certificate and Key.

>   * _<initialCerts>_ - Initial set of certificates in the `argocd-tls-certs-cm` config map for connecting Git repositories via HTTPS.

Reviewer 2: Per [ISG word usage](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#v), avoid using via:
```suggestion
  * _<initialCerts>_ - Initial set of certificates in the `argocd-tls-certs-cm` config map for connecting Git repositories through HTTPS.
```

  * `<route>` - Route configuration options.
  * `<service.Type>` - The `serviceType` used for the service resource.
  * `<logLevel>` - The log level to be used by the Argo CD Server component. Valid options are  `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.
  * `<logFormat>` - The log format used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `text` or `json`.
  * `<env>` - Environment to set for the server workloads.

|`sso` |Single Sign-on options.|`__<object>__`
a|* `<image>` - The container image for Keycloak. This overrides the `ARGOCD_KEYCLOAK_IMAGE` environment variable.
  * `<keycloak>` - Configuration options for Keycloak SSO provider.
  * `<dex>` - Configuration options for Dex SSO provider.
  * `<provider>` - The name of the provider used to configure Single Sign-on. Currently, the supported options are Dex and Keycloak.
  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<verifyTLS>` - Defines whether to enforce strict TLS checking when communicating with Keycloak service.
  * `<version>` - The tag to use with the Keycloak container image.

> |`statusBadgeEnabled` |Enable application status badge.|`true` |

Reviewer: SSO is also different than what was there before
